you
so this is the Phantom 3 and I'm doing a
professional and I keep in mind and you
can check the link within this video's
description to find where to download
the farm where there is a different
firmware for the Phantom 3 Pro which I
have which is 4k in the Phantom 3
advanced but what I wanted to let you
hear here within this video and they
described as a CD that's a verbal
ecology that's the at the upgrade is in
progress before you can use your phantom
3 and that's professional or advanced
you've got to have the most current
firmware and you can check the link
within this video's description the time
download the firmware and then they also
have a PDF said that I failed was very
straightforward and it'll it'll
reiterate what I'm so it right there but
I just wanted to provide you with a
visual example with sounds as I update
my phantom 3 professional partner and
I'm doing it Bob way microwave so unlike
your previous panel
this micro SD part that I download now
as the documentation states you need to
be sure your battery is fully charged
before you begin this firmware update
procedure because per the documentation
it takes approximately 25 minutes to
complete so oh and those are those are
spaghettios a good day there's a high
class meal right there y'all um but yeah
it's still going it's only about seven
minutes in right now so i hope this out
this works okay i just wanted to show
you what it sounds like what it looks
like so you know maybe give you a little
bit of confidence and check out those
prop door just quick disconnect prop
source right there that is that is
beautiful look at that so stay tuned for
the inaugural flight of the Irish guy
phantom 3 professional we have multiple
camera angles and all that business but
this was the first step
towards being able to do this is I got
update the firmware the CJI pallid ass
Rio sm-3 update was pleased
so thanks for watching and check the
link in the description you can order
the Phantom 3 there you can find the
link that that I use to obtain the the
firmware update as well as the official
firmware update installation procedure
and I'm also going to add a card reader
USB far greater for this micro SD park
it's going to need that you're going to
need to copy the firmware to the microSD
card from your computer and if you have
any questions you know feel free to drop
me a line on I'll try my best to answer
if I know how to how the answer it so
thanks for watching and be sure to
subscribe youtube.com forward slash
Eric's yes you all have a good day